Add PHP How To and Reference docs (#471)
paketo-buildpacks/paketo-website: content/docs/reference/php-reference.md

{{% reference_exec_summary bp_name="Paketo PHP Buildpack" bp_repo="https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/php" howto_docs_path="/docs/howto/php" %}}

## Supported Dependencies

The Paketo PHP Buildpack supports several versions of PHP and Composer.
For more details on the specific versions supported in a given buildpack

> version, see the [release notes][bp/php].

Reviewer: this seems not to link to release notes

## Behavior
The Paketo PHP Buildpack is a [composite buildpack][paketo/composite-buildpack]
designed to build applications written in PHP.

### Package Management

With the PHP CNB, the only option for package management is
[Composer][external/composer].

The [Composer buildpack][bp/composer] will install `composer` as the package manager, and if a PHP
application contains a `composer.json` (and preferably a `composer.lock` file) packages
are installed by running `composer install` by the [Composer Install
buildpack][bp/composer-install]. Packages installed will be available in a
`vendor` directory in the application source directory, and will be cached for
rebuilds.

### Running With Webservers

> The buildpacks within the PHP CNB will configure basic configuration for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The buildpacks within the PHP CNB will set up basic configuration for
```

working with FPM, HTTPD, Nginx, or the built-in PHP webserver. Web server
choice is set by the user via environment variable (see PHP How To

> documentation), and user-provided configurations will be considered as outlined

Reviewer: link to How To docs

below.

##  Software Bill of Materials
The PHP buildpack supports the full [software bill of materials]({{< ref
"docs/concepts/sbom" >}}) (SBOM) in [Syft][format/syft],
[CycloneDX][format/cyclonedx], [SPDX][format/spdx], and
[Paketo-specific][format/paketo] formats.

Apps built with the buildpack that use Composer as a a package manager contain

> SBOM entries that provide a full picture of the packages on the final app image
> that get installed.  Additionally, there are entries for the PHP version used,
> the Composer version used. Check out the [Access the Software Bill of Materials
> guide]({{< ref "docs/howto/sbom" >}}) for more information about how to
> retrieve the SBOM for your app image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SBOM entries that provide a full picture of the packages installed in the final app image. There are also entries for the installed versions of PHP and Composer. Check out the [Access the Software Bill of Materials
guide]({{< ref "docs/howto/sbom" >}}) for more information about how to
retrieve the SBOM for your app image.
```

## Buildpack Configurations

The buildpacks in the PHP language family set default configurations, as well
as include configurations from user-provided sources. The sections below
outline the various configurations the buildpacks provide during the build process, and
the various locations that will also be considered as configuration sources.

### [PHP Distribution Buildpack][bp/php-dist] Configuration

> 1. The [default PHP `ini` file][bp/php-dist-ini] found from the PHP

Reviewer: What is this list enumerating? A tiny executive summary at the start of this section would help clarify.

Reviewer: Is this list in order of precedence? In chronology?

   Distribution itself, with no modifications. It can be found on the container
   inside the PHP Distribution Buildpack layer under `/etc/php.ini`.
2. [Buildpack-specific configuration][bp/php-cnb-ini] which can be found inside the PHP
   Distribution Buildpack layer under `/etc/buildpack.ini`. This includes
   confgurations specific to the buildpack's install process and app image file
   system, such as the path to PHP extensions (`extension_dir`), the include
   path to the PHP library directory.
3. User-provided configurations from the `<APP-ROOT>/.php.ini.d` directory.

Check out the [PHP_INI_SCAN_DIR documentation section]({{< ref
"docs/reference/php-reference#php_ini_scan_dir" >}}) for more information.

### [PHP FPM Buildpack][bp/fpm] Configuration

> The configuration from the PHP FPM buildpack is considered in order of
> precedence, from lowest to highest, with the highest precedence configuration
> sources overriding conflicting settings from lower precedence sources.
> 
> 1. The [default PHP FPM setting][bp/php-dist-fpm] found from the PHP
>    Distribution itself under `$PHPRC/php-fpm.d/www.conf.default`.
> 2. [Buildpack-specific configuration][bp/php-cnb-fpm] which includes
>    configurations specific to the buildpack's role in the build process. This
>    includes settings such as the default listen directive, and other features
>    to make FPM work well with web servers.
> 3. Configuration set by other buildpacks (such as the PHP Nginx
>    Buildpack [FPM configuration][bp/nginx-fpm]), which can be located at
>    `/workspace/.php.fpm.bp/*.conf`.
> 4. User-provided configurations located from `<APP-ROOT>/.php.fpm.d/*.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration for PHP FPM comes from a few sources, listed here in order of precedence from highest to lowest:

1. User-provided configurations located in `<APP-ROOT>/.php.fpm.d/*.conf`.
2. Configuration set by other buildpacks (such as the PHP Nginx
   Buildpack [FPM configuration][bp/nginx-fpm]), which is stored in 
   `/workspace/.php.fpm.bp/*.conf` files.
3. [Buildpack-specific configuration][bp/php-cnb-fpm], which includes
   configurations specific to the buildpack's role in the build process. This
   includes settings such as the default `listen` directive, and other features
   to make FPM work well with web servers.
4. The [default PHP FPM configuration][bp/php-dist-fpm] that is distributed alongside the PHP
   Distribution itself. This is stored at `$PHPRC/php-fpm.d/www.conf.default` in the container.

```
Also, where does the configuration from the PHP-FPM buildpack live?

Author: It's linked under default PHP FPM setting

### [PHP Nginx Buildpack][bp/php-nginx] Configuration

> The PHP Nginx Buildpack sets up two flavours of configuration.

Reviewer: hehe flavour nicely done

Reviewer: Two flavours, but then there's a list of 3 items below? Are those in order of precedence?

Author: LOL my bad.

1. Nginx-specific FPM settings (see FPM section above) is added to work with
   FPM.
2. [Basic Nginx configuration][bp/nginx-conf] is the `nginx.conf` file for
   running with PHP apps. See PHP how-to documentation for settings that can be
   configured via environment variables.
3. User-provided configuration files located from
   `<APP-ROOT>/.nginx.conf.d/*-server.conf` and
   `<APP-ROOT>/.nginx.conf.d/*-http.conf`.

### [PHP HTTPD Buildpack][bp/php-httpd] Configuration
1. [Basic HTTPD configuration][bp/httpd-conf] is the `httpd.conf` file for

>    running with PHP apps. See PHP how-to documentation for settings that can be

Reviewer: link to appropriate docs

   configured via environment variables.
2. User-provided configuration files located from
   `<APP-ROOT>/.httpd.conf.d/*.conf`.

### [Composer Install Buildpack][bp/composer-install] Configuration
The Composer Install Buildpack sets up configuration to be used for running
`composer` commands.

1. A Composer PHP `.ini` file is created for usage during the buildpack build

>    process ONLY. It will tell Composer where to find extensions when running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   process **only**. It will tell Composer where to find extensions when running
```

   `composer-install`.

> 2. Platform requirement `.ini` file available on the final image under

Reviewer: Is this in order of precedence? A chronological list?

{{% reference_exec_summary bp_name="Paketo PHP Buildpack" bp_repo="https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/php" howto_docs_path="/docs/howto/php" %}}

## Supported Dependencies

The Paketo PHP Buildpack supports several versions of PHP and Composer.
For more details on the specific versions supported in a given buildpack
version, see the [release notes][bp/php-releases].

## Behavior
The Paketo PHP Buildpack is a [composite buildpack][paketo/composite-buildpack]
designed to build applications written in PHP.

### Package Management

With the PHP CNB, the only option for package management is
[Composer][external/composer].

The [Composer buildpack][bp/composer] will install `composer` as the package manager, and if a PHP
application contains a `composer.json` (and preferably a `composer.lock` file) packages

> are installed by running `composer install` by the [Composer Install
> buildpack][bp/composer-install]. Packages installed will be available in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are installed by running `composer install` by the Composer Install
[buildpack][bp/composer-install]. Packages installed will be available in a
```
Fixes a weird line break issue that was pushing the period onto a new line :(

`vendor` directory in the application source directory, and will be cached for
rebuilds.

### Running With Webservers
The buildpacks within the PHP CNB will configure basic configuration for
working with FPM, HTTPD, Nginx, or the built-in PHP webserver. Web server
choice is set by the user via environment variable (see [PHP How To
documentation]({{< ref "docs/howto/php" >}})), and user-provided configurations will be considered as outlined
below.

##  Software Bill of Materials
The PHP buildpack supports the full [software bill of materials]({{< ref
"docs/concepts/sbom" >}}) (SBOM) in [Syft][format/syft],
[CycloneDX][format/cyclonedx], [SPDX][format/spdx], and
[Paketo-specific][format/paketo] formats.

> Apps built with the buildpack that use Composer as a a package manager contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps built with the buildpack that use Composer as a package manager contain
```

1. User-provided configurations located in `<APP-ROOT>/.php.fpm.d/*.conf`.
2. Configuration set by other buildpacks (such as the PHP Nginx
   Buildpack [FPM configuration][bp/nginx-fpm]), which is stored in 
   `/workspace/.php.fpm.bp/*.conf` files.
3. [Buildpack-specific configuration][bp/php-cnb-fpm], which includes
   configurations specific to the buildpack's role in the build process. This
   includes settings such as the default `listen` directive, and other features
   to make FPM work well with web servers.
4. The [default PHP FPM configuration][bp/php-dist-fpm] that is distributed alongside the PHP
   Distribution itself. This is stored at `$PHPRC/php-fpm.d/www.conf.default` in the container.

### [PHP Nginx Buildpack][bp/php-nginx] Configuration
The PHP Nginx Buildpack sets up two flavours of configuration itself, and
allows for a third flavour from users. They are listed here in order of highest
precedence, to lowest.

1. User-provided configuration files located from
   `<APP-ROOT>/.nginx.conf.d/*-server.conf` and
   `<APP-ROOT>/.nginx.conf.d/*-http.conf`.
2. [Basic Nginx configuration][bp/nginx-conf] is the `nginx.conf` file for

>    running with PHP apps. See PHP how-to documentation for settings that can be

Reviewer: pls link to how to!

   configured via environment variables.
3. Nginx-specific FPM settings (see FPM section above) is added to work with
   FPM.

### [PHP HTTPD Buildpack][bp/php-httpd] Configuration
1. [Basic HTTPD configuration][bp/httpd-conf] is the `httpd.conf` file for
   running with PHP apps. See [PHP how-to documentation]({{< ref
   "docs/howto/php#provide-httpd-specific-configuration" >}}) for settings that
   can be configured via environment variables.

> 2. User-provided configuration files located from
>    `<APP-ROOT>/.httpd.conf.d/*.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. User-provided configuration files located in
   `<APP-ROOT>/.httpd.conf.d/*.conf`.
```
